imagine suddenly being ordered to leave
your home everything you built and
worked for your safe
space now you live here one among
hundreds of thousands in a tent in open
land during winter you have no job no
income you've been displaced again and
again you have a family but you cannot
provide any of life's basic needs and a
baby has just
arrived Camp Nursery is sprayed on the
wool it's a shelter newly set up for new
mothers and their
babies in these winter months concrete
walls and a proper roof make a huge
difference though this initiative is
small in scale it provides essential
help to mothers with babies from infant
milk Heating and clothes to both mothers
and babies in addition to the simple
care provided by us
midwives
I gave birth to my child 15 days ago we
are living intense in this fiercely cold
weather my baby has been suffering
respiratory infections since birth I was
not able to keep him warm I had to take
him to the hospital but other babies
needed more attention that is why he was
discharged this initiative came just in
time now we have some clothes diapers
and milk thank God
the mass influx of displaced people in
TFA means the remaining functioning
Health Facilities simply cannot
cope before the war Rafa had 600 baby
delivery cases every month now we're
nearing 2,700 cases with 70% normal and
20% C-section hospitals are forced to
discharge mothers and babies 2 hours
after the delivery to make room for
others new lives born into a war zone
and even if and when the war comes to an
end there will be very little left
standing for people to return to most of
gaz's infrastructure that sustained life
in the strip has been destroyed
Stephanie Decker Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer